Update index.md (#27957)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/styling_text/fundamentals/index.md

It is a good idea to provide a suitable generic font name at the end of the stack so that if none of the listed fonts are available, the browser can at least provide something approximately suitable. To emphasize this point, paragraphs are given the browser's default serif font if no other option is available — which is usually Times New Roman — this is no good for a sans-serif font!

> > **Note:** While you can use font family names that contain a space, such as `Trebuchet MS`,  without quoting the name, to avoid mistakes in escaping, it is recommended to quote font family names that contain white space, digits, or punctuation characters other than hyphens. 
> 
> > **Warning: ** Any font family name which could be misinterpreted as a generic family name or a CSS-wide keyword must be quoted. While the font-family names can be included as a {{cssxref("custom-ident")}} or a {{cssxref("string")}}, font family names that happen to be the same as a CSS-wide property value, like `initial`, or `inherit`, or CSS have the same name as one to the generic font family names, like `sans-serif` or `fantasy`, must be included as a quoted string. Otherwise, the font family name will be interpreted as being the equivalent CSS keyword or generic family name. When used as keywords, the generic font family names —`serif`, `sans-serif`, `monospace`, `cursive`, and `fantasy` — and the global CSS keywords MUST NOT be quoted, as strings are not interpreted as CSS keywords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** While you can use font family names that contain a space, such as `Trebuchet MS`, without quoting the name, to avoid mistakes in escaping, it is recommended to quote font family names that contain white space, digits, or punctuation characters other than hyphens.

> **Warning: ** Any font family name which could be misinterpreted as a generic family name or a CSS-wide keyword must be quoted. While the font-family names can be included as a {{cssxref("custom-ident")}} or a {{cssxref("string")}}, font family names that happen to be the same as a CSS-wide property value, like `initial`, or `inherit`, or CSS have the same name as one to the generic font family names, like `sans-serif` or `fantasy`, must be included as a quoted string. Otherwise, the font family name will be interpreted as being the equivalent CSS keyword or generic family name. When used as keywords, the generic font family names —`serif`, `sans-serif`, `monospace`, `cursive`, and `fantasy` — and the global CSS keywords MUST NOT be quoted, as strings are not interpreted as CSS keywords.
```

> > **Note:** To avoid mistakes in escaping, it is recommended to quote font family names that contain white space, digits, or punctuation characters other than hyphens like `Trebuchet MS`. Font family names that happen to be the same as a keyword value (`inherit`, `serif`, `sans-serif`, `monospace`, `fantasy`, and `cursive`) must be quoted to prevent confusion with the keywords with the same names. The keywords `initial` and `default` are reserved for future use and must also be quoted when used as font names (https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/fonts.html#font-family-prop). The generic font family names (`inherit`, `serif`, `sans-serif`, `monospace`, `cursive`, `fantasy`, `initial` and `default`) MUST NOT be quoted as they are actually keywords. You can also visit (https://mathiasbynens.be/notes/unquoted-font-family).
> 
> > **Note:** You can use `Trebuchet MS` even without quotes and it works well. But W3 CSS Validator warns about the whitespace in font family name. Actually this is a CSS Validator bug (https://www.w3.org/Bugs/Public/show_bug.cgi?id=16362). But it's recommended to quote font family names that contain white space to avoid mistakes in escaping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** While you can use font family names that contain a space, such as `Trebuchet MS`,  without quoting the name, to avoid mistakes in escaping, it is recommended to quote font family names that contain white space, digits, or punctuation characters other than hyphens. 

> **Warning: ** Any font family name which could be misinterpreted as a generic family name or a CSS-wide keyword must be quoted. While the font-family names can be included as a {{cssxref("custom-ident")}} or a {{cssxref("string")}}, font family names that happen to be the same as a CSS-wide property value, like `initial`, or `inherit`, or CSS have the same name as one to the generic font family names, like `sans-serif` or `fantasy`, must be included as a quoted string. Otherwise, the font family name will be interpreted as being the equivalent CSS keyword or generic family name. When used as keywords, the generic font family names —`serif`, `sans-serif`, `monospace`, `cursive`, and `fantasy` — and the global CSS keywords MUST NOT be quoted, as strings are not interpreted as CSS keywords.
```
```
